GAME HELP

GAME STORY: The idea of the game is to be a traditional marketing game
with using stocks.You buy stocks and try to make profit with those by
selling them with higher price. The cheaper you buy and the higher
price you sell is a key to victory. So find out who is the business king! 

Notice that the update of the stock value is done randomly so
there are no differences between companies and the value can change
either positive or negative way.
There are also risks that if you buy stocks which value is very low.
Because if the stock value
reaches the value 0 the company will go to bankruptcy and your stocks are worthless.

If you feel that you do not have enough money, you can always take a loan from bank.
But remember, all you loan has to be paid back with interests!
So be careful or debts will become uncontrollable.

VIEWS:

The game has one main window that stays on during the game and when doing functions. 


The most important thing is the Table that shows info about stocks. 

*	No: The number of stock

*	Company:  The name of the company

*	Stocks:  The amount of stocks on market

*	Value: The value of stocks. If the value goes to 0
	 the company will go bankruptcy.
	Then all the stocks you own from that company are worthless

*	Avg. spent: The average amount per stocks you have spent

*	Owned: The amount of stocks you do have

*	NASDAG Info: Shows you all the messages that server sends to players

*	Broker chat: Is a chat window that shows what other players type
	 you can write yourself to a space below it

Table will update its stats depending the Update interval which was set
in game lobby. 

The areas on the up show following information:

Money: How much money you have
Total wealth: The value of your stocks and bank deposits.

GAME FUNCTIONALITY:

BUY STOCK: For buying stocks, click the stock on the list you would like to buy
and then click the Buy stock button. After that put the amount of stocks you
want to buy.
Then the purchase will be confirmed.
If you do not have enough money for buying, the game will inform you by saying
You do not have enough money.
If there are no stocks on market, the game will inform you with Not enough stocks

BUY WITH ALL MONEY: For buying stocks using all your money, click the stock
on the list you would like to buy and then click the Buy with all money button.
Then the purchase will be confirmed. If there are no stocks on markeT
the game will inform you with Not enough stocks.

SELL STOCK: For selling stocks, click the stock on the list you would like to sell
and then click the Sell stock button. After that put the amount of stocks
you want to sell.
Then the selling will be confirmed.
If you do not have enough stocks for selling, the game will inform you
by saying Not enough stocks.

SELL ALL STOCK: For selling all your stocks, click the stock on the list
you would like to sell and then click the Sell all stock button.
Then the selling will be confirmed. If you do not have stocks for selling,
the game will inform you by saying Not enough stocks.

OTHER PLAYERS: For seeing what other players have. The value is the amount of
their stocks when calculated to money. The money in bank is not included!

BANK: You can take a loan from the bank.. see more info from bankhelp.

START GAME: Start the game by clicking this button.

QUIT GAME: For quitting the game click Quit game button.
It will take you to game lobby.


HOTKEYS:

You are also able to move on the stock table using arrows.

The game includes hotkeys which can be used there. 

*	Ctrl + b  to buy stocks
*	Ctrl + s  to sell stocks


RANDOMS:

There are also several random things that may occur during the game. They will affect
the game someway:

*	The stock market is in RECESSION,
	the value of shares is diminishing! The end is nigh!

	Stock markets are not doing well because of recession and the worth
	of stocks will reduce

*	Times are tough and X has gone bankrupt.
	A sudden boost in economy could give it a fresh start though.

	Company X has gone bankcrupt and it needs
	an economy boost for a new start

*	Due to global upswing in business, every company
	is suddenly worth more! The future looks bright!

	Companies are more worth when global upswing occurs also
	companies that have gone bankcrupty get a fresh start.

A couple of randoms are also for the bank so see more from bank help!!


GAME ENDING:

The game will end when one of these situations happen

*	 All the stocks are sold

*	 One player reaches the Game ending value which was set at the
	 start of the game

*	 All players go to personal bankcruptcy.
 
When the info screen says: X has amassed impressive amount of wealth. 
it means that player X is near the game ending value and so winning the game.

When the info screen says: Rumor has it that X investments are doing quite bad.
it means that player X is near the personal bankcrupty

The winner of the game is the player who has the biggest sum of money
when all the money, stocks, deposits and debts are calculated together.
If the player has debts for bank the debts will be calculated to the final sum. 

ENDING SCREEN:

Congratulations!
The ending screen shows the final standings of the game. You can sort
the players by: best overall, most loans, most savings and best stock value.
You can quit the game by clicking Back to lobby.